Let's see... this is recording, right?
This is fine, right?
Good
Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai here!
At the moment, I really find myself in trouble...
...I hurried to start recording, but...
...It’s the first time something like this happened
What should I do?
Please look at this!
*Thank you very much for registering! Your registration has ended, you will be charged 99,800 yen as a registration fee, if you wish to cancel the registration, call the following number*
While I was browsing the internet, suddenly this appeared
Did I press on some strange ad?
To make matters worse, it seemed to have signed me up automatically!
I can’t pay this subscription fee
What should I do? Really...
What should I do...
W-whatever...
...I should cancel the subscription
Let's see... the phone...
The phone number is...
Ah, here it is!
Ah, hello?
My name is Kizuna Ai
It seems there was a screen telling me that I registered
Yes
It seems that a notice appeared telling me of a payment
I’m sorry! It was just an error so then I’d like to cancel the subscription
Eh?
Eh? It's not possible?
No... no... well... that puts me in a bind
It was just a mistake and I can’t pay that subscription fee
Re... regardless...
You should cancel my subscription!
I can’t pay you money, I’m asking you, please!
Aahhh...
I wonder if everything will be alright now
*Incoming call*
Aaah!
Someone's calling me
It can't be!! It can’t be!!
What do you think of that?
This is what’s called "One Click Fraud"
It's known as "One Click Fraud"...
… To those frauds in which by only doing a click in a banner or link...
...It falsely tells the user that they’ve been subscribed...
...And will bill you a subscription fee
If you do it like her and talk to them to cancel the subscription...
...You run the risk of being insistently demanded to make the payment
The best way to deal with this situation is...
...To ignore it
Avoid contacting them completely!!
That's all
This was: "I tried to simulate a One Click Fraud experience"
See you later!
Translated by Vortex